# Klever Model Registry

Klever Model Registry is a cloud-native model registry that uses [Harbor](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor) as storage for training models. Users can use Klever Model Registry for model management, model extraction, model conversion and model serving.

Klever Model Registry is an open source project based on [Apache 2.0 open source licenses](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) and is a sub-project of Klever Cloud-Native Machine Learning Platform. Klever Model Registry is referred to as Klever in the following paragraphs.

<!-- // TODO:
## Getting started

To get started, complete the [Klever Tutorial]() and go through our
[examples]().
-->

## Understanding Klever Model Registry

See the following topics to learn how to use Klever in your project:

- [Model Management](##Model-Management)
- [Model Extraction](##Model-Extraction)
- [Model Conversion](##Model-Conversion)
- [Model Serving](##Model-Serving)

## Model Management

Users can upload and download their models by calling the [API](developers/api.md##Model-Management), and Klever will push the model into Harbor through 'ormb'.

> `ormb` is another open-source project of Klever Cloud-Native Machine Learning Platform, which is an OCI(Open Container Initiative)-based registry that aims to distribute models and models' metadata by using the existed image registry. See the project [ORMB](https://github.com/kleveross/ormb) for more information.

Users can upload the model to Harbor by specifying the project name, model name and the version of the model. To satisfy the `ormb` specification, the model package must have `ormbfile.yaml`, in which stores some information about the model, such as frame, format, etc. (We will support generating the `ormbfile.yaml` automatically in the near future, coming soon!) . Klever has acted as agent for all Harbor requests, project can be created through Klever if there is no Harbor project.

## Model Extraction
When the model is pushed to Harbor, Klever will automatically create `ModelJob` to extract the model. `ModelJob` is a [CRD](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) defined by `Klever`. Klever will fill the blank of `ModelJob.Spec.Extraction` based on the format of the model. `ModelJob` will then generate a `Job` to execute model conversion. The current model extraction formats supported by Klever are:
- SavedModel
- ONNX
- GraphDef
- NetDef
- Keras H5
- CaffeModel
- TorchScript
- MXNetParams
- PMML

The image of the `Job` who generated by `ModelJob` will extract the model and push the updated `ormbfile.yaml` to Harbor. See the detail code here: [extract](/scripts/extract/extract.py).

## Model Conversion

The current model conversion formats supported by Klever are:
- MXNetParams converted to ONNX
- Keras H5 converted to SavedModel
- CaffeModel converted to NetDef

Users can create `ModelJob` for model conversion by calling the [API](developers/api.md##Model-Extraction-/-Conversion). The original format and target format of the model will be specified by `ModelJob.Spec.Conversion Mmdnn.From` and `ModelJob.Spec.Conversion.Mmdnn.To`. The image of the `Job` who generated by `ModelJob` will convert the model and push the updated `ormbfile.yaml` to Harbor. See the detail code here: [convert](/scripts/convert/base_convert/base_convert.py).

## Model Serving

<!-- // TODO: -->
Klever's model serving is based on [Seldon-Core](https://github.com/SeldonIO/seldon-core). See our [API](developers/api.md##Model-Serving) for more information.

## Contributing to Klever

If you'd like to contribute to the Klever project, see the [Klever Contributor's Guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md).
